# Appeal

My name is Chal McCollough, student number 911866257. I was falsely accused of violating the bullshit Code of Conduct while I was engaging in a political protest Portland State University’s (PSU) unlawful vaccine mandate on October 7, 2021 and Portland State University unlawfully violated my free speech without use of Clear and Convincing Evidence as required under US Supreme Court ruling Troxel V. Granville. Now I’m also engaging in a protest your BS Code of Conduct and unlawful use of Preponderance of the Evidence to deprive students of their fundamental federally protect rights.

## This is a Political Protest

Portland State University is enforcing a State-wide vaccine mandate by Kate Brown and Federal Vaccine Mandate by China Joe Biden, the one who’s crack head son Hunter Biden sells shitty paintings for $500K to mystery people no one knows who and takes millions from the Chinese to sell access to the White House. PSU is enforcing a State policy by elected individuals and is subject to the US Constitution and First, Fourth, and Fourteenth, and every other Amendment. It is my sincere belief that Democrats are scum-sucking pieces of shit dirt-bags and the vaccine mandate is completely illegal and infect, as well as the mask mandates.

## Democrats are scum-sucking pieces of shit dirt-bags

Democrats opposed abolition of slavery and woman’s suffrage, the outlawed alcohol, they imposed Jim Crow, they forced sterilization hundreds of thousands of people to create a master race, Nazis modeled Nuremberg Laws after Democrat Jim Crow laws and Progressive Forced-sterilization programs, Lindon B Johnson started the War on Drugs and brought us into war in Vietnam of the false flag Gulf of Tonkin incident where a US ship was bombed by the US and pinned on the Vietnamese to drag us into war. Democrats were behind the weapons of mass destruction lies that brought us into the Iraq and Afghan wars. Democrats have controlled congress for hundreds of years and they are corrupt and a demonic party who push satanic abortion laws. They even used aborted fetal tissue to create COVID vaccines. It used to be black in Oregon until I after I graduated from high school. Democrats have a lot history of being completely scum-bag pieces of shit, and they are to this day scum.

## Clear and Convincing Evidence hurdle to deprive students of First Amendment Rights

In the US Supreme Court Troxel v Granville the Court decreed that the State shall use Clear and Convincing Evidence deprive citizens of their right to free speech. PSU’s Code of Conduct (to be a shitbag) rule IX(5) claims states the school is using a preponderance of evidence hurdle, but this is unlawful and will result in a lawsuit against you.
Democrats commonly use what is called Evolutionism, where thy evolve the definitions of words to get the outcome they want in Court and society. This stands in stark contrast to the conservative, with a small c, ideology of Originalism invented by Antonin Scalia where they use the original meaning and intent of the law. When I sue PSU and the person who gave me the violation, I will claim my right to free speech and peaceful protest was violated, and the Court shall use Clear and Convincing Evidence because when I sue you I sue the State and they have the burden of proof.

## The vaccine mandate is completely illegal

Up until I was a kid Democrats used to force sterilize hundreds of thousands of people citing it was in the public’s best health interests. It’s been common knowledge that vaccine mandates on adults are illegal, but trash democrats have been pushing the envelope using riots to intimidate Trump supporters, open boarders to engineer elections by packing the electorate and using ballot harvesting in Democrat counties in Swing States to ensure Democrats always win.

Mark Zuckerberg paid $500 million do a private takeover of county election offices in Democrat counties in Swing states. Zuckerberg paid for ballot harvesting boxes called Zuckerboxes which he placed ever 4 square miles in Delaware County and 11,000 square miles in Republican Counties. Zuckerberg ran a shadow campaign that ‘fortified Biden’ by suppressing Trump and censoring Trump supporters, including my news organization, with an AI powered unsupervised learning bot that defamed us and I’m suing them for it. There might not be ballot fraud, but Zuckerberg did take over the election offices to ensure Biden would win. Now Joe Biden, who I do not recognize as the Legitimate President of the US, has been mandating everyone get vaccines and the scum bag piece of shit scum-sucker Kate Brown followed suit with vaccine mandates followed by PSU implementing a vaccine mandate.

## I am protesting the vaccine mandate, so my actions were protect under free speech.

I don’t need to take a vaccine for COVID, I’m not at risk of COVID. COVID is less deadly than the flu, only more contagious so more people get infected leading to more deaths. Vaccines might be based on science, but using vaccines on hundreds of millions of people is a science experiment I’m morally objecting to. If it was smallpox and 1/3 of people then I would be at risk and would get a vaccine, but 75% of people who were died or hospitalized from COVID were fat and 2/3 were over the average age of death. Those people have had 21 months to lose the weight. The number one indicator that someone will survive COVID is if they got early treatment like Monoclonal Antibodies for Treatment. I’m 39, I’m not fat, I’m strong, I have health insurance, I have no physical health problems, my risk of dying from COVID is very small.

PSU is trying to force me to get the Phizer vaccine, which is known to cause myocarditis, which is a heart problem that can kill you. The vaccine is completely ineffective against COVID, and it has killed off all the less deadly strands of COVID that serve as natural vaccines. PSU is demanding that I take an experimental vaccine that causes heart problems.

I built and open-source COVID ventilator and I had to learn how you die from COVID. The way you die is that your lungs get very heavy from swelling. People who are out of shape have a hard time breathing and their heart starts racing, causing most patients do die from heart failure. The use of COVID vaccines puts me at greater risk of death from COVID. I’m not going to get myocarditis to save some fat person who didn’t go to the hospital when they got too sick.

Being forced to wear a mask is completely unnecessary. You can breathe through your nose to absorb droplets in the air, which will localize the COVID infection in your nose and adds Nitrous Oxide to the air which helps your lungs fight off a lower lung infection. I can socially distance from people and go out less and my chance of spreading COVID is lower than going out a lot with a mask on. I don’t want to hang out with old and fat people anyways.

Being forced to wear masks and socially distance has resulted in a 4% birthrate reduction in 2020. Between 300,000 and 500,000 fewer babies were born in 2020 than 2019. I’m 39 and I have very few mating years to have a child left, and those have been taken from me from the COVID lockdowns isolating me. PSU is asking me to give up one of my children, causing my genetic line to die off, and get  myocarditis, to save a fat person who had 21 months to lose the weight. I’m not complying with your illegal policies.

You’ll notice that no animals have evolved a mask. This is because you can’t eat with one and evolution favors the path of fewer parasites, hence why we evolved an immune system. I have an immune system, and it’s perfectly functional. I don’t need to wear masks and take a vaccines when natural immunity is 30+ times more effective. The vaccines are ineffective against the Delta variant, making us dependent of Government vaccines into the future, putting me at risk of being targeted by politicians and admin for non-compliance. The side effects of the arbitrary and capricious policies are far too great and they have a detrimental impact on my family and children.

The issues above combined with my Christian and Republican values justify me saying that if you can to stick a needle with an experimental vaccine in my arm, you can suck my dick and suck the shit out of my asshole you punk piece of shit Democrat mother fuckers. Fuck you. Don’t fuck with my Bible, my guns, or Constitution or I’ll come after you.
