I'm a student at Portland State University. I was unlawfully kicked out of Portland State University for protesting the vaccine mandate, they didn't like my language, and I was unlawfully deprived my right to free speech and to petition the Government when the Conduct Office suspended me permanently for criticizing Democrats and used a Preponderance of the Evidence.

In US Supreme Court ruling Troxel v Granville, the Court ruled that in order for the State to abridge citizens' First Amendment rights, the State must go through a process and use Clear and Convincing Evidence. The State State has the burden of proof to show that they have a compelling State interest in abridging the right, and the State is required to act to eliminate a detrimental circumstance. In the case case of Troxel, it was grandparents wanting to visit a Child, but Troxel applies to all cases when the State abridges the First Amendment. Constitutional rights don't only apply to parents. First and Second Amendment and subsequent Amendment rights aren't only at home, or outside of State offices, the rights apply everywhere the Government has power that can be restrained by the Constitution.

I submitted an appeal to the PSU Vaccine mandate stating that the vaccine mandate was illegal and "they can suck my d**k". The school had the choice of ignoring the vulgar language and taking my appeal, but the vaccine police then reported me to the Conduct Officer. I was then harassed by a woman named Erica Geller, PSU's Conduct Officer. Erica Geller is a Democrat who has She/Her in her title, which is the marker for Critical Gender Theorists who push radical trans ideology that creates an enemy, the far-right anti-vax transphobic, Imaginary Misogynistic Pig (IMP) boogieman from MSNBC that is victimizing the women, minorities, and LGBTQ community. The group is radicalized because they're always fighting the so-called far-right, which they've liberalized the definition to include anything they don't like.

I emailed Geller that I didn't feel comfornatlbe wiht a radicalized trans activist being the Judge, Jury, and executioner, and I refused to talk to people with She/They in their title because they're radicalized and they would never give me a fair trial. Geller then said I could email my appeal Stating they needed to use Clear and Convincing Evidence against me and that I was going to sue.

I submitted my appeal Stating why I think Democrats are dirtballs citing the Progressive Democrat forced sterilization program, Democrats starting the KKK, Democrats owning Slaves, Democrats starting the war on drugs, Democrats started the Vietnam by blowing up a US ship in the Gulf of Tonkin and blaming the Vietnam, Democrats invaded Iraq on false pretenses, Democrats have been race rioting with Black Looter Mob and now they're imposing vaccine mandates using the same Pre-Troxel Supmre Court rulings they used to justify force sterilizing people. I also in my appeal blamed Mark Zuckerberg for donating $419.5 million to do the private takeover of County election offices and Biden won by Ballot Harvesting from paid Ballot Harvesters and that is election fraud. I have a legitimate grievance with the Democrats. The vaccine mandate and money the Democrats gave out has caused rapid inflation and a supply chain crisis. We've had rapid erosion of our rights. I said COVID primarily targets old and fat people so I'm not in the at-risk group and the School has no right force vaccinating me. I told them if they want to get a vaccine to save some old or fat person they can suck my d**k and shuck the sh*t out of my a$$hole, and that I would come after them if they're violating the US Constitution. I stand by that statement.

At this point the School should have just accepted my Vaccine mandate appeal and dropped the case. The School might not have liked my words but I have a First Amendment right to say it. Instead of answering my appeal, the School suspended me until 12/31/2099.

I emailed multiple times over months. I submitted a FISA Request for all documents related to the case and never got word back.

I'm demanding that Portland State University and Erica Geller pay me $10 million to compensate me for the unlawful deprivation of my First Amendment rights without use of Clear and Convincing Evidence. The School knew they had to meet the Clear and Convincing evidence requirement but instead chose to ignore Federal law and not consult an attorney. The School's action shave caused a delay in my degree, which costs me money. It also caused me to go apoplectic with anger writing my appeal, which also was a factor in my needing to drop out of my class last term, so I'm asking for compensation for last term's tuition, school attendance costs like Amtrak tickets.
