I am personally fighting for no-cost tuition with no student loan option. I am suing PSU for this for $10 million right now. You'll like my argument. Collge resembles nothing of job training unless your job is to party, do drugs, and have sex.
You have a right to free speech, press, and association. The Press is defined as people who print things. Abridge means to reduce the times, places, and manners. Manners means a way of doing something or the way in which a thing is done or happens.
In 2001 there was a Supreme Court case Troxel v Granville. A grandparent was trying to visit their grandchild and the Court decreed you must use clear and convincing evidence under the 14th Amenmdnet to deprive citizens of First Amendment rights, and the State has the burden of proof to show the Government action is required to eliminate a detrimental circumstance, and the State intervention is the minimum possible intervention to eliminate the circumstance. One such detrimental circumstance that the State may use to give custody or visitation rights to someone else is if you're not providing your child with the minimum level of education required to not be a slave.
You don't have a right to privacy on public property, it's public property. You don't have the right to keep the public out of the classroom if it's not a detrimental circumstance. The State is required to use the least possible intervention to eliminate detriment circumstances, like overcrowded classrooms, which are a fire hazard. There is no fire hazard on the internet.
The colleges are forcing you to pay for tuition to cover luxuries like sports and liberal arts programs. The admin has a crony network of people they know from the profession and they hire their buddies and pay them a competitive wage. Then the parents have to foot the bill for stuff they're not even using that only benefits the State. The
If the parent is paying for the school, then the parents have the right to the care and control of their child, just like in Troxel. You've gone into third-party child visitation law, which doesn't stop when you're 18. You can give your parents permission to control your education after 18, and the State is subject to Troxel's clear and convincing evidence hurdle.
The Government is forcing us to pay for job training for rich people or be a slave, which violates the First Amendment. Student loans are training people to be socialists who aren't economically productive. In the real world, you have to make a product people want to buy or they won't buy it and you'll be broke. Colleges are putting people into years of being poor and they don't have to generate money, so it trains them to do what they want like liberal arts, and be not economically productive. Then after they graduate they're bitter that they aren't part o the upper class, they turn into the Overproduction of Boursguisie James Linsey talks about.
The State is creating a detrimental circumstance with their student loans. They're delaying people's education, causing people to spend decades in schools, to live at subsistence levels, and become incarcerated and used for slave labor. The number one cure for criminal recidivism (i.e. people who commit more crimes) is getting an education. It's detrimental for the public to deny access to colleges to criminals because it causes recidivism when the criminals need money.
We have equal right to access to the school, they can't kick us out if we're qualified to be there and aren't creating a detrimental circumstance. The State is only allowed to charge the minimum amount for tuition, but the State gets extra money from you graduating, so there is no point in college tuition, it's not required. The tuition cost is not minimally invasive, it's maximally evasive and those who don't graduate are forced to pay for the education of the wealthy, which violates the First Amendment on all levels.